
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: REBORNIX.COM
   Registrar: GODADDY.COM, LLC
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 146
   Whois Server: whois.godaddy.com
   Referral URL: http://registrar.godaddy.com
   Name Server: WALT.NS.CLOUDFLARE.COM
   Name Server: ZOE.NS.CLOUDFLARE.COM
   Status: ok http://www.icann.org/epp#OK
   Updated Date: 14-aug-2015
   Creation Date: 08-sep-2011
   Expiration Date: 08-sep-2017

>>> Last update of whois database: Wed, 11 Nov 2015 23:59:58 GMT <<<

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the 
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is 
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration 
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring 
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to 
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois 
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and 
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or 
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry 
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for 
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information 
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not 
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide 
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only 
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data 
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass 
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone, 
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes 
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation, 
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly 
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to 
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or 
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register 
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right 
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure 
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the 
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign 
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. 

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit 
https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/epp-status-codes-2014-06-16-en.
Domain Name: REBORNIX.COM
Registry Domain ID: 1676051514_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.godaddy.com
Registrar URL: http://www.godaddy.com
Update Date: 2015-08-14T02:59:09Z
Creation Date: 2011-09-08T17:25:04Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2017-09-08T17:25:04Z
Registrar: GoDaddy.com, LLC
Registrar IANA ID: 146
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse@godaddy.com
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.4806242505
Domain Status: ok http://www.icann.org/epp#ok
Registry Registrant ID: 
Registrant Name: Peng Lv
Registrant Organization: Nanjing University
Registrant Street: Nanjing University Xianlin Campus 5A238
Registrant City: Nanjing
Registrant State/Province: Jiangsu
Registrant Postal Code: 210046
Registrant Country: China
Registrant Phone: +86.18621671373
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: 
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email: penn.lv@gmail.com
Registry Admin ID: 
Admin Name: Peng Lv
Admin Organization: Nanjing University
Admin Street: Nanjing University Xianlin Campus 5A238
Admin City: Nanjing
Admin State/Province: Jiangsu
Admin Postal Code: 210046
Admin Country: China
Admin Phone: +86.18621671373
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: 
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email: penn.lv@gmail.com
Registry Tech ID: 
Tech Name: Peng Lv
Tech Organization: Nanjing University
Tech Street: Nanjing University Xianlin Campus 5A238
Tech City: Nanjing
Tech State/Province: Jiangsu
Tech Postal Code: 210046
Tech Country: China
Tech Phone: +86.18621671373
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: 
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email: penn.lv@gmail.com
Name Server: WALT.NS.CLOUDFLARE.COM
Name Server: ZOE.NS.CLOUDFLARE.COM
DNSSEC: unsigned
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2015-11-12T00:00:00Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/epp-status-codes-2014-06-16-en

The data contained in GoDaddy.com, LLC's WhoIs database,
while believed by the company to be reliable, is provided "as is"
with no guarantee or warranties regarding its accuracy.  This
information is provided for the sole purpose of assisting you
in obtaining information about domain name registration records.
Any use of this data for any other purpose is expressly forbidden without the prior written
permission of GoDaddy.com, LLC.  By submitting an inquiry,
you agree to these terms of usage and limitations of warranty.  In particular,
you agree not to use this data to allow, enable, or otherwise make possible,
dissemination or collection of this data, in part or in its entirety, for any
purpose, such as the transmission of unsolicited advertising and
and solicitations of any kind, including spam.  You further agree
not to use this data to enable high volume, automated or robotic electronic
processes designed to collect or compile this data for any purpose,
including mining this data for your own personal or commercial purposes. 

Please note: the registrant of the domain name is specified
in the "registrant" section.  In most cases, GoDaddy.com, LLC 
is not the registrant of domain names listed in this database.
